docs: Update version-and-publish.md (#3816)
lerna/lerna: website/docs/features/version-and-publish.md

We are going to publish the `header` and the `footer` packages.

> It's common to publish only a subset of the projects. Some projects can be private (e.g., used only for tests), some

> > can be demo apps. In this repo, `remixapp` is private, it just doesn't get published to NPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> can be demo apps. In this repo, `remixapp` isn't "conceptually private", it is just using the `"private": true` setting in order to not get published to NPM.
```

> > can be demo apps. In this repo, `remixapp` isn't "conceptually private", it is just using the `"private": true` setting in order to not get published to NPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> can be demo apps. In this repo, `remixapp` isn't "private" in the sense of not wanting people to see the source files, it is just using the `"private": true` setting in order to not get published to NPM.
```
